# Towards-an-Efficient-IoMT-Privacy-Infrastructure-for-COVID-19-Pandemic-based-on-Federated-Learning-
This development of this project is in progress. 
—Internet of medical things (IoMT) has made it possible to collect applications and medical devices to improve healthcare information technology. Since the advent of the pandemic of coronavirus (COVID-19) in 2019, public health information has become more sensitive than ever. Also, different news items incorporated have resulted in differing public perceptions of COVID-19, especially on the social media platform and infrastructure. The ability to build effective communication strategies require a thorough awareness for the emerging subjects of COVID-19 on the media that affects public behavior. Today, limitations in technology force COVID-19 call centres to restrict the number of calls per day. To this end, the unprecedented virality and changing nature of COVID-19 makes call centres to be likely overstressed, which is due to a lack of authentic and unregulated public media information. Thus, people who are susceptible to the COVID-19 virus may not get authentic media information to manage and minimize both its risk and transmission. In addition, the lack of data privacy has restricted the sharing of COVID-19 information among health institutions. To resolve the above-mentioned limitations, this paper is proposing a privacy infrastructure based on federated learning and blockchain technology. The proposed infrastructure has the potentials to enhance the trust and authenticity of public media communication and deliver an authentic method to disseminate COVID-19 information. Also, the proposed infrastructure can effectively resolve the issue of large data silos and provide a shared model while preserving the privacy of data owners. Furthermore, information security and privacy analyses show that the proposed infrastructure is robust against information security-related attacks
